it's no fun because everyone's so like
welcoming it's so happy to be here we're
already a close team this year
and instantly like you're gonna walk out
and it feel that you feel like a family
I think it's important to go to camp
because every team needs that bonding
experience that allows them to come
together as a team camp really does help
my team in every aspect of cheerleading
but it also helps us with the way we
present ourselves and how we act as a
team you come here and you realize like
a big family and it like inspires you to
make your team a big family like you
want to be like them you become a new
person like you go out of your comfort
zone you do things you never thought you
would do the NCA staff is unbelievable
you can tell they love doing their job
this will be my eighth air coming down
CIA camp and honestly I really couldn't
imagine an August without and CA camp
really what brings our team together and
guess it's ready for the rest of the
season